"Cars. Cars have been around since they became famous in the 1900s, when Henry Ford created and built the first ModelT. Cars have played a major role in our every day lives since then. But now, people are starting to question if limiting car usage would be a good thing. To me, limiting the use of cars might be a good thing to do.In like matter of this, article, ""In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars,"" by Elizabeth Rosenthal states, how automobiles are the linchpin of suburbs, where middle class families from either Shanghai or Chicago tend to make their homes. Experts say how this is a huge impediment to current efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipe. Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe...and up to 50 percent in some carintensive areas in the United States. Cars are the main reason for the greenhouse gas emissions because of a lot of people driving them around all the time getting where they need to go. Article, ""Paris bans driving due to smog,"" by Robert Duffer says, how Paris, after days of nearrecord pollution, enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. It also says, how on Monday, motorist with evennumbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or be fined a 22euro fine 31. The same order would be applied to oddnumbered plates the following day. Cars are the reason for polluting entire cities like Paris. This shows how bad cars can be because, of all the pollution that they can cause to an entire city.Likewise, in the article, ""Carfree day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota,"" by Andrew Selsky says, how programs that's set to spread to other countries, millions of Columbians hiked, biked, skated, or took the bus to work during a carfree day, leaving streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. It was the third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the Day Without Cars in the capital city of 7 million. People like the idea of having carfree days because, it allows them to lesson the pollution that cars put out of their exhaust from people driving all the time. The article also tells how parks and sports centers have bustled throughout the city uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks rushhour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. Having no cars has been good for the country of Columbia because, it has aloud them to repair things that have needed repairs for a long time, traffic jams have gone down, and restaurants and shopping districts have popped up, all due to the fact of having less cars around.In conclusion, the use of less cars and having carfree days, have had a big impact on the environment of cities because, it is cutting down the air pollution that the cars have majorly polluted, it has aloud countries like Columbia to repair sidewalks, and cut down traffic jams. Limiting the use of cars would be a good thing for America. So we should limit the use of cars by maybe riding a bike, or maybe walking somewhere that isn't that far from you and doesn't need the use of a car to get you there. To me, limiting the use of cars might be a good thing to do."
"Transportation is a large necessity in most countries worldwide. With no doubt, cars, buses, and other means of transportation make going from place to place easier and faster. However there's always a negative pollution. Although mobile transportation are a huge part of daily lives, we are endangering the Earth with harmful greenhouse gases, which could be suppressed.A small suburb community in Germany called Vauban, has started a ""carfree"" lifestyle. In this city, markets and stores are placed nearby homes, instead of being located by farend highways. Although Vauban is not completely carfree, 70% of Vauban families do not own cars Even a large 57% of families stated to have sold their cars to move to Vauban. Some families have even said to be less stressed depending on car transportation. Cars are responsible for about 12% of greenhouse gases, and can even be up to 50% in some carintensive areas in the United States.Another insight to reduced car zones brings Paris' incident with smog. Paris' officials created a system that would in fact lower smog rates. On Monday, the motorists with evennumbered license plates numbers would be ordered to leave their cars at home, or they would suffer a fine. Same rule would occur on Tuesday, except motorists with oddnumbered license plates were targeted with fines. Congestion, or traffic, was reduced by 60% after five days of intense smog. Diesel fuel played a huge part in this pollution, having the fact that 67% of vehicles in France are of Diesel fuel. The impact of the clearing of smog, resided in banning the Tuesday rule of odd license plates.Could you imagine a day without seeing a single car being used? This phenomenon occurs once a year in Bogota, Colombia. With the exception of buses and taxis being used, cars are to be left unattended for an entire day. Having a carfree day just once a year can even reduce the pollution slightly. The day without cars is part of a campaign that originated in Bogota in the mid 1990s. This campaign has renewed and constructed numerous bicycle paths and sidewalks all over the city. Parks and sports centers have also sprung from this campaign. Devoting your time to a carfree lifestyle has it's hassles, but in hindsight, it has it's benefits.To conclude, living a carfree lifestyle does not seem like a possibility in this day and age, however managing the use of cars and pollution is something every country should take time investing in. Think about how much of an impact it would be if everywhere worldwide would take part in airpollution reduction. Mobile transportation is lifestyle in a sense, and being dependent on cars or other means of transportation can impact the health of the Earth and even ourselves."
"""America's love affair with it's vehicles seems to be cooling"" says Elisabeth rosenthal. To understand rosenthal's perspective, it is easier to suggest that America's car usage is decreasing slowly. This isn't necessarily bad in the sense that it has certain positive effects. The advantages of limiting car usage includes an increase in security and health, along with a decrease in pollution and dependence. Firstly, when car usage is limited security and health is more likely to be guaranteed. The feeling of being secure is highly important to individuals everywhere. For example, many people in colombia used public transportation during a car free day ""leaving the streets of this capital city "", according to Andrew Selsky, ""eerily devoid of traffic jams"". The complications that stem from traffic jams end with a feeling of confidence. The plan to get from point A to B was more simple just a second ago. This complication in your personal plans leads you to become stressed as a feeling of doubt overcomes all thoughts. If car usage was limited, there would be a control on how much traffic accumulates thus minimizing chance of stress. As Heidrun Walter states ""when i had a car i was always tense. I'm much happier this way"". not only does car usage minimize conditions detrimental to health, it also enlarges your capacity for exercise. The main purpose of the car is to get someone from one place to another. when an important job takes over your personal life, it becomes difficult to do things most enjoyed in life. limits on car usage forces you to stay in shape. According to Andrew Selsky ""parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city"". Less cars means healthier and natural situations. With parks and sport centers becoming more efficient, it becomes easier to find a more physically active population. Overall, less usage on cars minimizes stress and increases health.Secondly, limting car usage becomes beneficial to the environment. Now a days people have become annoyed with others who care so passionately about the environment. If you look behind their constant cries for action, there are solid facts. Yespollution is bad for the environment. Yes a bad envorment means unhealthy living. Yes cars are one of the main contributors to pollution in the environment. A pattern of less car usage, as Elisabeth Rosenthal states ""will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment"". The less use of cars, the less pollution in the environment. One must observe limiting car usage as an opportunity to create a cleaner world and better future. The effects of pollution in the environment is completley dangerous and we, the car users, are to blame.Additionally, it would lower the dependence on cars. Many people today find that their car is so useful. While it has many features and is a form of transportation, many do not figure what they would do if they did not have such a possesion. The development of people and their interaction with technology has left a wide gap between historic, natural ways and what is thought of as modern society. Being dependent is not always good for individuals. As david goldberg says ""all our development since world war II has been centered on the car, and that will have to change"". Many people could disagree and wonder why it is necessary to change our ways especially if we are so highly devloped. If being developed means being dependent on a harmful machine, then it could not be effective devlopment. According to Elisabeth Rosenthal ""cashstrapped americans could not afford new cars, and the unemployed were't going to work anyway"". Many people can't have the precious luxury of private transportation in the first place. Those who have had it have become distant to a more natural society. Peope have become so use to having cars that they have become oblivious to the significant effects. With limits on car usage , these effcts could be controlled.To conclude, the advantages of limiting car usage is an increase in health, along with a decrease in pollution, and less dependence on cars. limiting car usage is a positive way to enfore an organized and clean environment, and ensure health and security of those who live in it. This is one reason America can be reffered to as a succesful country. It is not that America has decreased use of vehicles, but the fact that they have done what is best for majority."
"How often do you ride in a car? Do you drive a one or any other motor vehicle to work? The store? To the mall? Have you ever thought about how many people in the world do that exact same thing travel to every destination using a fuel powered motorvehicle. Not many people realize the intensive damage that they're doing when they turn their key in the ignition. What if you didn't drive to work today? If you're like any regular car user, the thought ""What?! I could never survive without my car!"" may run through your mind. It is possible though, to live without your main mean of transport. Just look at cities like cuban, Paris, and Bogota each one has in some way restricted their people's usage of cars and they actually enjoy it! If you limit your car usage, it can intern result in many advantages and benefits in yourself and in your community.A not so recognized benefit to giving up your car usage would be the positive consequences it has on your health. In source 1, Heidrun Walter states that ""When he had a car, he was always tense. He's much happier without it."" Think about it, imagine all the angry road rage you experience while driving. That surely does not have a positive effect on your mood or health. Driving takes a copious amount of focus and mental activity, such as, trying to navigate, dealing with bad drivers, etc., that after a short period of time, you're stressed out and tired. In cities like New York and Paris, the population is high. This leads to congestion in the streets and excessive amounts of pollution. Warm layers of air, according to Robert Duffer in ""Paris bans driving due to smog,"" traps the car emissions. How is that healthy? He also states that Paris had to enforce a temporary driving ban after the pollution levels reached an all time record. After a few days of less driving the pollution went way down. Since people aren't driving, they have to find other means of transport. This could include walking, biking, or skating to destinations. Those are all physical excercises! Your body is getting to work out and you'll mentally feel fresher more than you would sitting in a car.Taking a break from driving also can help with the overall look of your city. Pollution doesn't cause the flowers to grow. It certainly doesn't smell nice. It sets a filter over the town and gives off a ""dirty"" vibe. With less driving, there is less nasty pollution being emitted, therefore leading to a cleaner community. In Elisabeth Rosenthal's article, ""In German Suburb, Life goes on Without Cars,"" she gives the good point that since there is a restriction on car and motor vehicle transportation, there is going to be more walkers. If you have tons of people taking the sidewalks instead of the roads, you might need a few more pathways and closer stores that are in walking distance. Andrew Selsky states that ""Parks and sports centers have bloomed throughout the city uneven pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks... and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up."" As stated previously, pollution is not benefiting the environment. Organizations such as the Envronmental Protection Agency in the U.S., are promoting ""car reduced"" communities, says Rosenthal. These communities have far less pollution and are much cleaner. Cities are also promoting this idea and are having days devoted to ""nocar driving."" In Bogota, Colombia, they hold an anual ""carfree"" day where only buses and taxis are permitted. Any other drivers would be fined. Although fining someone for using a posession they own might ruffle some feathers, it did have a successful turn out and significantly reduced the ""smog."" In conclusion, although the idea of giving up our precious automobiles for walking to our destination might sound impossible, it's not. Reducing our driving can lead to many benefits and advantages in our daily lives. These include an increase in health, an improved look to our cities, and an improved environment all around us."
"Cars are a wonderful thing. They are perhaps one of the worlds greatest advancements and technologies. Cars get us from point a to point i. That is exactly what we want isnt it? We as humans want to get from one place to anther as fast as possiile. Cars are a suitaile to do that. They get us across the city in a matter of minutes. Much faster than anyhting else we have. A train isnt going to get me across the city as fast as my car is and neither is a puilic ius, iut those other forms of transportation just might ie the way to go. Don't get me wrong, cars are an aisolutly amazing thing iut, mayie they just cause way to much stress, and mayie they hurt our environment in ways that we don't think they will. With a ius or a train you do not have to worry aiout washing your car or getting frustrated when stuck in a iad traffic jam on I4. Also there is not as much pollution in air hurting our environment. You might not think so, iut there are many advantages to limiting our car usage.One advantage that not only humans would ienefit from, iut also plants and animals is that there would ie a lot less pollution in the air hurting out environment. Right now our cars give off gases that are extremely harmful towards our environment. These gases are called green house gases and come out of the exhaust pipes in our cars. Your car alone docent give off much gas iut collectively, our cars give off enormous amounts of gases. This is especially true in iig cities like France. In France, their pollution level was so high it was record ireaking. due to that france decided to enforce a partial ian on cars. This is descriied in the second article "" Paris ians driving due to smog"", iy Roiert Duffer, "" On Monday motorists with evennumiered license plates were orderd to leave their cars at home or suffer a 22euro fine 31. The same would apply to oddnumiered plates the following day."" After France limited driving there congestion was down iy 60 percent. "" Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France"". So after five days of intense smog, 60 percent of it was clear after not using cars for only a little while. Even across the world in Bogota, columiia they are limiting driving and reducing smog levels. In the third article ""carfree day is spinning into a iig hit in Bogota"", iy Andrew Selsky, it descriies the annual carfree day they have to reduce smog. "" the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog"". So all over the world people are relizing that without cars, we are insuring the safety and well ieing of our environment.The second advantage that would come with limiting car use is less stress. Everyone knows that driving a car causes emence amounts of stress. Getting caught in traffic is a major cause of stress in someones life. having to repeating wash your car just to get it dirt again causes stress. Having people in the iack of your car screaming and yelling all while music is ilasting, causes stress. So oiviously driving causes stress. If we were to limit our car usage we would not ie as stressed as we usually are. There would ie no traffic, no car washes and no one screaming in a small confineded space. In the first article "" In German Suiuri, life goes on without cars"", iy Elisaieth Rosenthal, a citizen named humdrum Walter, states "" When i had a car i was always tense. I'm much happier this way"". So with out the stress of a car humdrum Walter is a looser and happier person, less stress equals happier person. In the third article, "" Carfree dai is spinning into a iig hit in Bogota"", iy Andrew Selsky, it states "" It's a good opportunity to take away stress..."". If we have the opportunity to take away stress, why not take it. It is a huge advantage in our lives to limit driving if it takes away stress. No one wants stress, no one needs stress, and if we have an opportunity to take some of the stress away, take that opportunity.In conclusion, there are many advantages to limiting car use, one ieing theat we get to help the environment and two ieing that it helps reduce stress. Our environment is already screwed up in so many ways, if we can help it to iecome the healthy environment it once was, then do it. Stress is proven to impare your personal health, no one wants to ie unhealthy and no one wants stress in their life. If you want the environment to get ietter and you want to reduce stress in your life then take this advantage and impliment it. Some might not think that this is an advantage, iut i just explained that it is a clear advantege that has ieen proved to help the enviornment and reduce stress. Limiting car use is a very effective advantage that really does work in more than one place."
"The electrol college system is an unfair system, people don't have the right to select their own president, they dont have the right to select a president. Because, when people vote they are technically voting for the electors for a candied. That candidate can be a democratic or a republican. In source two it states that electors can choose there opposing candidate. Which declines the the whole voting process. Why do we vote? we vote to select a leader who will defend this country and make america a place of opportunity. The most important reason why the electrol cllege is unfair because of the "" winners it take all"" rule.We as american people cannot choose their own government, as it says in source two, that when voters vote they are voting for the candidates electors. Each state gets one vote and then the electors can choose who they want for president. In source two it states that the electoral college consists of 538 electors and the most amount of electoral votes is 270, in order to pick an president. Also in source two it states that the number of electors we have equals to the amount of members of congress we have. I propose a new system by only letting the American people select our president by votes counted all up by each state, for example if we didn't have have electoral college, then it would be a fair vote because people votes would count the number that adds up with all votes for one candidates that will oppose another candidates and there would be technically no tie it would either ,more or less, but if we still had the electoral college then the vote would not be equally fair because if the majority of a state for example chose republican candidate, then that would be vague because some people choose democratic and there vote did not really count. but without the electoral college, than everyones vote counts and each candidates gets vote from every one, not only electoral.In source two it says that electoral who have been select by the state can choose their opposing candidtade, which is more disatvantgeing to the american people and america's future. for example if one state candidate was choosen for republican and they were ""faithless"" as it says in source two, and chose the democratic party it would be very unfortunate for the republicans because than there would be no point of the votes the republican supporters have voted for. It only comes once every four years, this is very important to the american people, on choosing who they want for the future of america.In source two and three it states the rule "" winner take it all"". The votes the other lose the, winning can take it all, that vote that they take from the losing does not count Because the people really didnt mean to vote for the candidate they don't want or the candidate they dont support, its like your money fell on the floor and someone just took it knowing its yours.In conclusion, the state senators should eliminate the electoral college because they count the majorty votes, and don't count other votes that is not popular as the other candidates vote. also because they can decide vote on an canditate they want based on their opinions and beliefs. and lastly because of the winner takes it all system which is bascially taking the losing candidates electoral votes."
"Dear state senator, It is the utmost respect that I ask for the method for presidential election be changed from the electoral college to something more suitable for the opinion of the people. The electoral college is an unfair system to the people, it can allow for individuals to decide what to do with the votes, not by the people of the United States of America.Revising the electoral college system may seem like a bad idea but the good that could come of it overlies the bad. If the election of a president was based directly by the voters , then candidates could promise money to the people who vote for himher. There could also be other problems with direct democracy such as what would happen in the chance of a tie? Who would break the tie? And how would it be decided fairly. The electoral college shouldn't be removed, but should definitely be revised.The electoral college permits the power of the electoral votes to go to whoever the choose. The electoral college is unfair to voters due to the winnertakeall system, whichh causes candidates to focus only on states the are ""swing"" states. In the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see candidates at all. The electoral college is an outofdate system and either needs to be replaced or revised.When running for president, the candidate has a group of electors. With each candidate having their own group of electors, it provides without having to visit each state to nget their vote. The only thing the president is required to do is to wait. In reality, the president doesn't even need to campaign, since the electors in the college votes are what matter. So, the candidate could just bribe the electors for certain states and heshe has that states' vote.The voters do not vote for the candidates, but vote for the slate of electors. The electors are picked at state conventions, the state party's central committee and sometime the presidential candidates themselves. The biggest issue with the electoral college is the disaster factor. The disaster factor are the potential problems with the system, such as back in 1960 when segregationists in louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the democratic electors with new electors who opposed John F. Kennedy.The electoral college is an outdated way of elections. The electoral college puts the power into indivduals' hands not the people. It was created back before the education was nothing close to what it is now. Therefore, the method of voting on representitives who then vote for the presdient is obsolete."
"Fellow citizens, cars have become a major role in our daily lives. They have their many excellent uses, however there are advantages of limiting that usage. To name a few are, that it's environmentally healthier and it's less money you have to spend on them. Now let me explain why it's a smart choice to take advantage of limited usage of cars.Paris recently according to source two article ""Paris bans driving due to smog"" by Robert Duffer came up with a brilliant idea of partial driving ban to clear the air of the city. They took days were only even or odd license plated cars would drive or they would suffer a fine. However public transit was free throughout the week. This promoted less congestion and smog which is much better for the environment by lowering the amount of pollution in the ozone layer. As well as a cheaper way to commute. ""Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after fivedays of intensifying smog...rivaled Beijing, China, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world"". This shows just how out of hand the smog had gotten but with limiting the amount of cars used they managed to clear over half of it! Making the world greener than before.Meanwhile in places such as Vauban, Germany, the residents went as far as giving up there cars. according to source one article ""In German Suburb, life goes on without cars"" By Elisabeth Rosenthal About 70% of the residents no longer own cars because it's either too expensive to have one on the edge of town and it's generally forbidden in this experiment in the new district. They even go as far as to say that it's better without having one. ""When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way"" said Heidrun Walter,a resident in Vauban according to the article. People in general, especially the younger generations don't use cars or have liscenes in comparison to older people who are more likely to retain their licenses as the age was shown in research. People now don't care as much as what cars are driven but are more focused to get from point A to point B, it's simply a means of transportation. In source 4 article ""The end of car culture"" by Elisabeth Rosenthal.When it comes down to it, cars are transportation, but there are plenty of other means of transport that are free or cheaper such as buses, trains, bikes or even car pooling. While at the same time creating less pollution and congestion, making it environmentally healthier."
"""It's official: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational"" Plumer, Source 2. Many do not like the electoral college for these reasons and many others such as it can be a disaster or because it is just plain dumb. Also there are a few reasons why the electoral college should be kept such as avoiding runoff elections or big states, but those not in favor of it out weigh those in favor of it. The people who despise the electoral college are in favor of popular vote since it is the better choice.For various reasons the electoral college is unfair such as not everyones decisions count just those few people in the electoral college. In a popular vote election everyones vote counts not just those who are considered better than us because they hold authority over people. Those people can also be sneaky and can change votes to be in favor of their choice of president. They will even take bribes sometimes just because they can even though us other people do count.The system should not even be here today because it is outdated way past our time. ""It's hard to say this, but Bob Dole was right: Abolsi the electoral college!"" Plumer, Source 2 and many others do agree with this statement because it rather true that we do so instead of let a bunch of monkeys run our states and country, but I am pretty sure that sometimes they could even do a better job than those in office right now. "".....over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now"" Plumer, Source 2 every day as we continue that percentage continues to grow and that data was recorded in 2000.Lastly, the electoral college is irrational like seriously what idiotic person came up with this. I will say this again, but a monkey could of made a better system than this. ""Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president........Who are the electors? They can be anyone not holding public office. Who picks the electors in the first place? It depends on the state. Sometimes state conventions, sometimes the state party's central committee, soemtimes the presidential candidate themselves. Can voters control whom their electors vote for? Not always. DO voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candiate? Sometimes"" Plumer, Source 2 I know this statement says it all because how could one simply not want popular vote after reading this.I know that electoral college vote can help and not cause problems, but there are more problems while there is one easy fix which is popular vote. ""It's official: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational"" Plumer, Source 2."
"The Electoral College has been kept for centuries, established by the founding fathers and established in the Constitution. I think that the process should be maintained so far, it has worked fine and I do not see any reason to rid of it. The Electoral College should be continued in use because there are at least five main scenarios in which it is helpful and reasonable.In ways, the Electoral College could be dangerous to use unless you have electors that are completely faithful in their party, and do not take advantage of getting to choose where to place their vote. Basically, voters are voting for a slate of electors, who then elect the president. These electors can go against the people's majority votes and decide who to vote for. It could also be possible that a state sends two slates of electors to elect. If the election was a direct vote, there would be almost no chance for a tie to happen, but with the Electoral College, there is always that possibility. Some states do not even see the candidates because of the majority of the people living there belong to a single party, and the ""winnertakesall"" system completely affects this. If the election were to be a direct vote, the candidates might visit the states in order to gather as many votes as possible. However, many of these reasons that the Electoral college should be abolished are just one time things, so consider the other side of the argument.Swing states basically decide the election and therefore, they are the most thoughtful voters. They know that they will be the ones to decide the election, so they pay more attention to the news, and the candidates campaigns. The swing states receive the most information and attention from the candidates. Since they will end up deciding, the candidates want them on their side. Many states are already predicted, even before the election, as a majority of them are from one party. These voters think the most about who they want to run our country and who will do the best in that position, so they should be granted the honor of making the decision.Electoral votes help avoid runoff elections, by reducing the pressure that might complicate the election. Say that our government referred to the direct vote system, with a lesser system known as the Electoral College was for comparison, and during the presidential election, there happened to be a problem with the popular votes versus the Electoral College this complication could be avoided if we used the Electoral College. This has happened with nixon in 1968 and Clinton in 1992, when they both had only a 43 plurality of the popular votes but were winning in the Electoral College.The Electoral College could be unwanted by many minority voters in states that leaned completely one way. These voters hardly pay attention during the campaign because they know that their vote will hardly make a diffference in their state, but a voter's vote could not swing a complete election, and not the full population voted in the 2012 election. Voters usually just like to express their preference and have it known than decide the vote that will make an election. It is more likely that your vote will count if you are educated in the happenings of the government, and maybe your vote can make a difference."